LABEL                          USER           PID   TID  PPID     VSZ    RSS WCHAN            ADDR S PRI  NI RTPRIO SCH PCY CMD            
u:r:init:s0                    root             1     1     0   12736   1864 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg init
u:r:kernel:s0                  root             2     2     0       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kthreadd
u:r:kernel:s0                  root             3     3     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ksoftirqd/0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root             5     5     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kworker/0:0H
u:r:kernel:s0                  root             6     6     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/u8:0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root             7     7     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg rcu_preempt
u:r:kernel:s0                  root             8     8     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg rcu_sched
u:r:kernel:s0                  root             9     9     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg rcu_bh
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            10    10     2       0      0 0                   0 S 139   0     99   1  fg migration/0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            11    11     2       0      0 0                   0 S 139   0     99   1  fg migration/1
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            12    12     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ksoftirqd/1
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            13    13     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/1:0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            14    14     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kworker/1:0H
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            15    15     2       0      0 0                   0 S 139   0     99   1  fg migration/2
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            16    16     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ksoftirqd/2
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            17    17     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/2:0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            18    18     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kworker/2:0H
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            19    19     2       0      0 0                   0 S 139   0     99   1  fg migration/3
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            20    20     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ksoftirqd/3
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            21    21     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/3:0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            22    22     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kworker/3:0H
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            23    23     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kdevtmpfs
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            24    24     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/u8:1
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            26    26     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg suspend_sys_syn
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            27    27     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg perf
u:r:kernel:s0                  root            39    39     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/u8:2
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           376   376     2       0      0 0                   0 S  90   0     50   1  fg irq/5-70500000.
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           380   380     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/0:1
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           381   381     2       0      0 0                   0 S  90   0     50   1  fg irq/6-70700000.
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           388   388     2       0      0 0                   0 S  90   0     50   1  fg irq/7-70800000.
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           667   667     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg writeback
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           669   669     2       0      0 0                   0 S  14   5      -   0  fg ksmd
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           670   670     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg crypto
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           671   671     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           673   673     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kblockd
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           681   681     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprd_deep_print
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           694   694     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg spi0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           696   696     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/3:1
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           698   698     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg spi5
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           726   726     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg system
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           727   727     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg carveout_overla
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           728   728     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg carveout_fb
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           729   729     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg carveout_camera
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           731   731     2       0      0 0                   0 D  19   0      -   0  fg mbox-send-threa
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           733   733     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg devfreq_wq
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           750   750     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg cfg80211
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           753   753     2       0      0 0                   0 S  90   0     50   1  fg irq/42-spi5.0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           800   800     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg sprdfgu_monitor
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           822   822     2       0      0 0                   0 S 139   0     99   1  fg cfinteractive
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           864   864     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kswapd0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           865   865     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg vmstat
u:r:kernel:s0                  root           929   929     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg fsnotify_mark
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1006  1006     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprd-adf-dev
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1023  1023     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1024  1024     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1025  1025     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1026  1026     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1027  1027     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1028  1028     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1029  1029     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1030  1030     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1031  1031     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1032  1032     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1033  1033     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1034  1034     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1035  1035     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1036  1036     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1037  1037     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1038  1038     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1073  1073     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1103  1103     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg saudio
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1104  1104     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg saudio-5-10
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1105  1105     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-13
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1106  1106     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg saudio
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1107  1107     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-10
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1108  1108     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg saudio-5-14
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1109  1109     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-11
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1110  1110     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-12
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1111  1111     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-17
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1112  1112     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-131
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1113  1113     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-14
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1114  1114     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-15
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1116  1116     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-16
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1117  1117     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg memory_wq
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1118  1118     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-151
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1152  1152     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/1:1
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1157  1157     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg uether
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1167  1167     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/2:2
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1174  1174     2       0      0 0                   0 S  45   0      5   2  fg focal-wait-queu
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1188  1188     2       0      0 0                   0 S  90   0     50   1  fg irq/55-goodix_f
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1215  1215     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg gsp-core[0]
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1220  1220     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg watchdog_feeder
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1225  1225     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg dm_bufio_cache
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1228  1228     2       0      0 0                   0 S 139   0     99   1  fg sprdhotplug
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1314  1314     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sbuf-6-5
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1316  1316     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sbuf-6-6
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1318  1318     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sbuf-5-4
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1334  1334     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sbuf-5-21
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1336  1336     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sbuf-5-6
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1369  1369     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sbuf-3-4
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1386  1386     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sbuf-4-4
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1391  1391     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-5
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1395  1395     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg swcnblk-3-7
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1396  1396     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg swcnblk-3-8
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1397  1397     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg swcnblk-3-9
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1420  1420     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg binder
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1458  1458     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg ipv6_addrconf
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1465  1465     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-2
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1466  1466     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg imsbr-data[5-2]
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1467  1467     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sblock-5-3
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1468  1468     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg imsbr-ctrl[5-3]
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1471  1471     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1472  1472     2       0      0 0                   0 S  41   0      1   1  fg mmcqd/0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1473  1473     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1474  1474     2       0      0 0                   0 S  41   0      1   1  fg mmcqd/0boot0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1475  1475     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1476  1476     2       0      0 0                   0 S  41   0      1   1  fg mmcqd/0boot1
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1477  1477     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1478  1478     2       0      0 0                   0 S  41   0      1   1  fg mmcqd/0rpmb
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1546  1546     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg deferwq
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1549  1549     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sipx-5-7
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1553  1553     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sipx-5-8
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1557  1557     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sipx-5-9
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1561  1561     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sipx-5-18
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1565  1565     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sipx-5-19
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1569  1569     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sipx-5-20
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1573  1573     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sipx-5-24
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1577  1577     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sipx-5-25
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1581  1581     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sbuf-3-5
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1582  1582     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sbuf-3-11
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1583  1583     2       0      0 0                   0 S 130   0     90   2  fg sbuf-3-12
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1592  1592     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg sprdbat_monitor
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1606  1606     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg headset_button
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1607  1607     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg headset_detect_
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          1608  1608     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg headset_reg_dum
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2079  2079     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kworker/3:1H
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2083  2083     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kdmflush
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2084  2084     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2085  2085     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kverityd
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2086  2086     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2087  2087     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2090  2090     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2094  2094     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg jbd2/dm-0-8
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2095  2095     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg ext4-rsv-conver
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2100  2100     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kdmflush
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2101  2101     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2102  2102     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kverityd
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2103  2103     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2104  2104     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2105  2105     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg bioset
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2109  2109     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg jbd2/dm-1-8
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2110  2110     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg ext4-rsv-conver
u:r:ueventd:s0                 root          2111  2111     1    6080   1552 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ueventd
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2847  2847     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg f_mtp
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2849  2849     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg VserTestWq
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2865  2865     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg f2fs_flush-259:
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2866  2866     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg f2fs_discard-25
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2867  2867     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg f2fs_gc-259:30
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2872  2872     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg jbd2/mmcblk0p34
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2873  2873     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg ext4-rsv-conver
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2875  2875     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg jbd2/mmcblk0p1-
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2876  2876     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg ext4-rsv-conver
u:r:logd:s0                    logd          2877  2877     1   20012   5140 0                   0 S   9  10      -   3     logd
u:r:logd:s0                    logd          2877  2881     1   20012   5140 0                   0 S   9  10      -   3     logd.daemon
u:r:logd:s0                    logd          2877  2882     1   20012   5140 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0     YlogSenderNew
u:r:logd:s0                    logd          2877  2887     1   20012   5140 0                   0 S   9  10      -   3     logd.reader
u:r:logd:s0                    logd          2877  2888     1   20012   5140 0                   0 S   9  10      -   3     logd.writer
u:r:logd:s0                    logd          2877  2890     1   20012   5140 0                   0 S   9  10      -   3     logd.control
u:r:logd:s0                    logd          2877  2897     1   20012   5140 0                   0 S   9  10      -   3     logd.auditd
u:r:servicemanager:s0          system        2878  2878     1   10452   2936 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0     servicemanager
u:r:hwservicemanager:s0        system        2879  2879     1   14304   4600 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0     hwservicemanage
u:r:vndservicemanager:s0       system        2880  2880     1   10248   1976 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0     vndservicemanag
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2884  2884     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg gpu_dfs
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2885  2885     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kworker/u9:0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2889  2889     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_job_fault
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2891  2891     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kauditd
u:r:hal_keymaster_default:s0   system        2894  2894     1   13720   2556 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg keymaster@3.0-s
u:r:vold:s0                    root          2895  2895     1   25952   5352 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg vold
u:r:vold:s0                    root          2895  2899     1   25952   5352 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg vold
u:r:vold:s0                    root          2895  2900     1   25952   5352 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg vold
u:r:vold:s0                    root          2895  2901     1   25952   5352 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg vold
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          2896  2896     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kworker/u9:1
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  2976     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:2976_2
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  3050     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg netd
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  3051     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg netd
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  3052     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg netd
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  3053     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg netd
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  3054     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg netd
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  3055     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg netd
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  3057     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg netd
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  3058     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg netd
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  3059     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg netd
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  3060     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:2976_1
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  3061     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:2976_2
u:r:netd:s0                    root          2976  3062     1   39792   5656 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2976_1
u:r:zygote:s0                  root          2977  2977     1 4225752 104804 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg main
u:r:zygote:s0                  root          2977 11083     1 4225752 104804 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:zygote:s0                  root          2977 11084     1 4225752 104804 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:zygote:s0                  root          2977 11085     1 4225752 104804 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:zygote:s0                  root          2977 11086     1 4225752 104804 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:zygote:s0                  root          2978  2978     1 1567916  83136 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg main
u:r:zygote:s0                  root          2978 11386     1 1567916  83136 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:zygote:s0                  root          2978 11387     1 1567916  83136 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:zygote:s0                  root          2978 11388     1 1567916  83136 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:zygote:s0                  root          2978 11389     1 1567916  83136 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:hal_allocator_default:s0   system        2981  2981     1   11960   3516 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg allocator@1.0-s
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  2982     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg audio@2.0-servi
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  3193     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2982_1
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  3313     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2982_1
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  3314     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2982_1
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  3315     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2982_1
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  3316     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2982_1
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  3317     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2982_1
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  3318     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2982_1
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  3319     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2982_1
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  3320     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2982_1
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  3321     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Audio Misc Ctrl
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  3323     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2982_2
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  6475     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  38 -19      -   0  fg writer
u:r:hal_audio_default:s0       audioserver   2982  8089     1   30156   3752 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2982_3
u:r:hal_bluetooth_default:s0   bluetooth     2983  2983     1   16356   2800 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg bluetooth@1.0-s
u:r:hal_bluetooth_default:s0   bluetooth     2983  6919     1   16356   2800 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2983_1
u:r:hal_bluetooth_default:s0   bluetooth     2983 10991     1   16356   2800 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2983_2
u:r:hal_camera_default:s0      cameraserver  2984  2984     1   66932   9636 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg provider@2.4-se
u:r:hal_camera_default:s0      cameraserver  2984  3204     1   66932   9636 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2984_1
u:r:hal_camera_default:s0      cameraserver  2984  3207     1   66932   9636 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2984_2
u:r:hal_camera_default:s0      cameraserver  2984  6922     1   66932   9636 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2984_3
u:r:hal_camera_default:s0      cameraserver  2984  7807     1   66932   9636 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg HwBinder:2984_3
u:r:hal_camera_default:s0      cameraserver  2984  7808     1   66932   9636 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg HwBinder:2984_3
u:r:hal_camera_default:s0      cameraserver  2984  7954     1   66932   9636 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2984_4
u:r:hal_cas_default:s0         media         2985  2985     1   12128   2556 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg cas@1.0-service
u:r:hal_configstore_default:s0 system        2986  2986     1   16276   2652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg configstore@1.0
u:r:hal_configstore_default:s0 system        2986  3126     1   16276   2652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2986_1
u:r:hal_configstore_default:s0 system        2986  5697     1   16276   2652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2986_2
u:r:hal_drm_default:s0         media         2987  2987     1   15172   3396 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg drm@1.0-service
u:r:hal_drm_default:s0         media         2987  8099     1   15172   3396 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2987_1
u:r:hal_dumpstate_default:s0   system        2988  2988     1   11960   2516 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg dumpstate@1.0-s
u:r:hal_gatekeeper_default:s0  system        2989  2989     1   12056   2488 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg gatekeeper@1.0-
u:r:hal_graphics_allocator_default:s0 system 2990  2990     1   17136   3256 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg allocator@2.0-s
u:r:hal_graphics_allocator_default:s0 system 2990  3164     1   17136   3256 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2990_1
u:r:hal_graphics_allocator_default:s0 system 2990  3165     1   17136   3256 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2990_2
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  2991     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  42  -8      2   1  fg composer@2.1-se
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3078     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:2991_1
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3089     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:2991_2
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3094     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0  fg android.hardwar
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3095     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg SprdWIDIBlit
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3112     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-mem-purge
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3113     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3114     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3115     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3116     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3117     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3118     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3119     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3120     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3121     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3122     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3123     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3125     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg mali-hist-dump
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3158     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  42  -8      2   1  fg HwBinder:2991_1
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3159     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  42  -8      2   1  fg HwBinder:2991_2
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3160     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg composer@2.1-se
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3161     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  28  -9      -   0  fg OverlayComposer
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  3162     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  42   0      2   1  fg HwBinder:2991_3
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  6926     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:2991_3
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991  7062     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:2991_2
u:r:hal_graphics_composer_default:s0 system  2991 11023     1  110044  10120 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:2991_4
u:r:hal_health_default:s0      system        2992  2992     1   11984   2660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg health@1.0-serv
u:r:hal_light_default:s0       system        2993  2993     1   12012   2688 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg light@2.0-servi
u:r:hal_memtrack_default:s0    system        2994  2994     1   11996   2820 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg memtrack@1.0-se
u:r:hal_sensors_default:s0     system        2995  2995     1   15388   3132 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sensors@1.0-ser
u:r:hal_sensors_default:s0     system        2995  3529     1   15388   3132 0                   0 S  50   0     10   1  fg HwBinder:2995_1
u:r:hal_usb_default:s0         system        2996  2996     1   15444   2588 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg usb@1.1-service
u:r:hal_usb_default:s0         system        2996  4143     1   15444   2588 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg usb@1.1-service
u:r:hal_vibrator_default:s0    system        2997  2997     1   12008   2696 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg vibrator@1.0-se
u:r:hal_wifi_default:s0        root          2998  2998     1   14056   2792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg android.hardwar
u:r:hal_connmgr_default:s0     system        2999  2999     1   12204   2392 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg connmgr@1.0-ser
u:r:hal_face_default:s0        system        3000  3000     1   17696   2448 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg face@1.0-servic
u:r:hal_ifaa_default:s0        system        3001  3001     1   12180   2448 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ifaa@1.0-servic
u:r:hal_log_default:s0         system        3002  3002     1   15300   2440 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg log@1.0-service
u:r:hal_log_default:s0         system        3002  3019     1   15300   2440 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg vendor.sprd.har
u:r:hal_power_default:s0       system        3003  3003     1   27804   3760 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg power@2.0-servi
u:r:hal_power_default:s0       system        3003  3099     1   27804   3760 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg power_hint
u:r:hal_power_default:s0       system        3003  3387     1   27804   3760 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3003_1
u:r:hal_power_default:s0       system        3003  3388     1   27804   3760 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3003_2
u:r:hal_power_default:s0       system        3003  6640     1   27804   3760 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3003_3
u:r:hal_power_default:s0       system        3003  6773     1   27804   3760 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3003_4
u:r:hal_power_default:s0       system        3003  6964     1   27804   3760 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3003_5
u:r:hal_power_default:s0       system        3003  9114     1   27804   3760 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3003_6
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          3004  3004     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/u8:5
u:r:hal_thermal_ext:s0         system        3005  3005     1   12292   2624 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg thermal@1.0-ser
u:r:healthd:s0                 root          3006  3006     1   18412   4796 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg healthd
u:r:gpsd:s0                    system        3007  3007     1   13044   1960 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg gpsd
u:r:gpsd:s0                    system        3007  3017     1   13044   1960 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg gpsd
u:r:gpsd:s0                    system        3007  3018     1   13044   1960 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg gpsd
u:r:engpc:s0                   root          3008  3008     1   30640   3780 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg engpc
u:r:engpc:s0                   root          3008  3237     1   30640   3780 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg engpc
u:r:engpc:s0                   root          3008  3238     1   30640   3780 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg engpc
u:r:engpc:s0                   root          3008  3239     1   30640   3780 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg engpc
u:r:engpc:s0                   root          3008  3241     1   30640   3780 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg engpc
u:r:engpc:s0                   root          3008  3301     1   30640   3780 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg engpc
u:r:engpc:s0                   root          3008  3302     1   30640   3780 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg engpc
u:r:lmkd:s0                    root          3009  3009     1   12568   6052 0                   0 S  41   0      1   1     lmkd
u:r:lmkd:s0                    root          3009  3023     1   12568   6052 0                   0 S  41   0      1   1     lmkd
u:r:performancemanager:s0      root          3010  3010     1   20648   3696 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg performancemana
u:r:performancemanager:s0      root          3010  3066     1   20648   3696 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3010_1
u:r:performancemanager:s0      root          3010  3070     1   20648   3696 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3010_2
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3011     1  133512  18996 0                   0 S  41  -8      1   1     surfaceflinger
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3127     1  133996  18996 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3011_1
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3128     1  133996  18996 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3011_1
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3130     1  133996  18996 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3011_2
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3133     1  133996  18996 0                   0 S  42  -9      2   1  fg DispSync
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3140     1  133996  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-mem-purge
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3141     1  133996  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-utility-wo
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3142     1  134004  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-utility-wo
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3143     1  134480  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-utility-wo
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3144     1  134480  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-utility-wo
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3145     1  134480  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-utility-wo
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3146     1  134480  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-utility-wo
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3147     1  134480  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-utility-wo
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3148     1  134480  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-utility-wo
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3149     1  134480  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-utility-wo
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3150     1  134964  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-utility-wo
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3151     1  134964  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-cmar-backe
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3152     1  134964  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     mali-hist-dump
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3153     1  134964  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     POSIX timer 0
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3154     1  134964  18996 0                   0 S  42  -9      2   1     EventThread
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3155     1  134964  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     POSIX timer 1
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3156     1  134964  18996 0                   0 S  42  -9      2   1     EventThread
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3163     1  134964  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     surfaceflinger
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3166     1  134964  18996 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0     EventControl
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3269     1  134964  18996 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3011_3
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  3741     1  134964  18996 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3011_4
u:r:surfaceflinger:s0          system        3011  4391     1  134964  18996 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3011_5
u:r:thermalserviced:s0         root          3012  3012     1   22608   4460 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg thermalserviced
u:r:thermalserviced:s0         root          3012  3081     1   22608   4460 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3012_1
u:r:thermalserviced:s0         root          3012  3088     1   22608   4460 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3012_2
u:r:gnss_download:s0           system        3013  3013     1   11032   1976 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg gnss_download
u:r:gnss_download:s0           system        3013  3028     1   11032   1976 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg gnss_download
u:r:gnss_download:s0           system        3013  3029     1   11032   1976 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg gnss_download
u:r:modem_control:s0           system        3014  3014     1   16284   2036 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg modem_control
u:r:modem_control:s0           system        3014  3032     1   16284   2036 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg modem_control
u:r:modem_control:s0           system        3014  3033     1   16284   2036 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg modem_control
u:r:modem_control:s0           system        3014  3036     1   16284   2036 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg modem_control
u:r:rild:s0                    system        3015  3015     1   14228   1904 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg modemd
u:r:rild:s0                    system        3015  3030     1   14228   1904 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg modemd
u:r:rild:s0                    system        3015  3031     1   14228   1904 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg modemd
u:r:rild:s0                    system        3015  3035     1   14228   1904 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg modemd
u:r:tee:s0                     system        3016  3016     1    8912   1908 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdstorageprox
u:r:tee:s0                     system        3020  3020     1    9940   2372 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg tsupplicant
u:r:netd:s0                    root          3021  3021  2976    9460   2156 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg iptables-restor
u:r:netd:s0                    root          3022  3022  2976    9476   2084 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ip6tables-resto
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          3024  3024     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/u8:6
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  3037     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg audioserver
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  3194     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3037_1
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  3196     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  35 -16      -   0  fg ApmTone
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  3197     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  35 -16      -   0  fg ApmAudio
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  3198     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  35 -16      -   0  fg ApmOutput
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  3214     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3037_1
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  3215     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3037_2
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  3325     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  38 -19      -   0  fg AudioOut_D
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  5679     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3037_3
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  5786     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3037_4
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  6499     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3037_5
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  7180     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3037_6
u:r:audioserver:s0             audioserver   3037  7436     1   42164   7056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3037_7
u:r:cameraserver:s0            cameraserver  3038  3038     1   31164  10908 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg cameraserver
u:r:cameraserver:s0            cameraserver  3038  3199     1   31164  10908 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3038_1
u:r:cameraserver:s0            cameraserver  3038  3200     1   31164  10908 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3038_2
u:r:cameraserver:s0            cameraserver  3038  3209     1   31164  10908 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3038_1
u:r:cameraserver:s0            cameraserver  3038  6947     1   31164  10908 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3038_2
u:r:cameraserver:s0            cameraserver  3038  6950     1   31164  10908 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3038_3
u:r:cameraserver:s0            cameraserver  3038  7806     1   31164  10908 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg C3Dev-0-ReqQueu
u:r:cameraserver:s0            cameraserver  3038  7837     1   31164  10908 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3038_3
u:r:drmserver:s0               drm           3039  3039     1 2160240  16496 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg drmserver
u:r:drmserver:s0               drm           3039  3275     1 2160240  16496 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3039_1
u:r:drmserver:s0               drm           3039  5554     1 2160240  16496 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3039_2
u:r:drmserver:s0               drm           3039  5586     1 2160240  16496 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3039_3
u:r:drmserver:s0               drm           3039 11080     1 2160240  16496 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3039_4
u:r:ims_bridged:s0             root          3040  3040     1    9104   2324 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ims_bridged
u:r:installd:s0                root          3041  3041     1   25824   5512 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3041_2
u:r:installd:s0                root          3041  3100     1   25824   5512 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3041_1
u:r:installd:s0                root          3041  3523     1   25824   5512 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3041_3
u:r:installd:s0                root          3041  3524     1   25824   5512 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3041_4
u:r:installd:s0                root          3041  3534     1   25824   5512 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3041_5
u:r:installd:s0                root          3041  3574     1   25824   5512 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3041_6
u:r:netbox:s0                  root          3042  3042     1    8940   2508 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ip_monitor.sh
u:r:keystore:s0                keystore      3043  3043     1   24056   5476 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg keystore
u:r:keystore:s0                keystore      3043  3137     1   24056   5476 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3043_1
u:r:log_service:s0             root          3044  3044     1   11768   3040 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg log_service
u:r:mediadrmserver:s0          media         3045  3045     1   16172   4856 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg mediadrmserver
u:r:mediadrmserver:s0          media         3045  3135     1   16172   4856 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3045_1
u:r:mediadrmserver:s0          media         3045  6955     1   16172   4856 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3045_2
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          3046  3046     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/0:2
u:r:mediaextractor:s0          mediaex       3047  3047     1 2169392  16056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg mediaextractor
u:r:mediaextractor:s0          mediaex       3047  3189     1 2169392  16056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3047_1
u:r:mediaextractor:s0          mediaex       3047  4238     1 2169392  16056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3047_2
u:r:mediaextractor:s0          mediaex       3047  4290     1 2169392  16056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3047_3
u:r:mediaextractor:s0          mediaex       3047  6498     1 2169392  16056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3047_4
u:r:mediaextractor:s0          mediaex       3047  7081     1 2169392  16056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3047_5
u:r:mediaextractor:s0          mediaex       3047  7179     1 2169392  16056 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3047_6
u:r:mediametrics:s0            media         3048  3048     1 2128900   9140 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg mediametrics
u:r:mediametrics:s0            media         3048  3170     1 2128900   9140 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3048_1
u:r:mediametrics:s0            media         3048  7072     1 2128900   9140 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3048_2
u:r:mediaserver:s0             media         3049  3049     1   78804  12756 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg mediaserver
u:r:mediaserver:s0             media         3049  3202     1   78804  12756 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3049_1
u:r:mediaserver:s0             media         3049  3350     1   78804  12756 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3049_1
u:r:mediaserver:s0             media         3049  4244     1   78804  12756 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3049_2
u:r:mediaserver:s0             media         3049  5573     1   78804  12756 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3049_3
u:r:mediaserver:s0             media         3049  5581     1   78804  12756 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3049_4
u:r:mediaserver:s0             media         3049  5582     1   78804  12756 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3049_5
u:r:mediaserver:s0             media         3049  5583     1   78804  12756 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3049_6
u:r:mediaserver:s0             media         3049  5620     1   78804  12756 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3049_7
u:r:mediaserver:s0             media         3049  5662     1   78804  12756 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3049_8
u:r:mediaserver:s0             media         3049  7057     1   78804  12756 0                   0 S  35 -16      -   0  fg CodecLooper
u:r:phasecheckserver:s0        system        3063  3063     1   15444   3044 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg phasecheckserve
u:r:racoon:s0                  root          3064  3064     1    8972   2424 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ju_ipsec_server
u:r:storaged:s0                root          3065  3065     1   22016   4428 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0     storaged
u:r:storaged:s0                root          3065  3190     1   22016   4428 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0     storaged
u:r:storaged:s0                root          3065  3191     1   22016   4428 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0     Binder:3065_1
u:r:storaged:s0                root          3065  5928     1   22016   4428 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0     Binder:3065_2
u:r:netbox:s0                  root          3068  3068  3042    9024   2184 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ip
u:r:netbox:s0                  root          3069  3069  3042    8940    780 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ip_monitor.sh
u:r:wificond:s0                wifi          3071  3071     1   19896   5120 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg wificond
u:r:mediacodec:s0              mediacodec    3072  3072     1   46476   7004 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg omx@1.0-service
u:r:mediacodec:s0              mediacodec    3072  3185     1   46476   7004 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3072_1
u:r:mediacodec:s0              mediacodec    3072  3186     1   46476   7004 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3072_2
u:r:mediacodec:s0              mediacodec    3072  3188     1   46476   7004 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3072_1
u:r:mediacodec:s0              mediacodec    3072  3208     1   46476   7004 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3072_3
u:r:mediacodec:s0              mediacodec    3072  3224     1   46476   7004 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3072_4
u:r:mediacodec:s0              mediacodec    3072  3283     1   46476   7004 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3072_5
u:r:mediacodec:s0              mediacodec    3072  7034     1   46476   7004 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg rd.h264.decoder
u:r:mediacodec:s0              mediacodec    3072  7054     1   46476   7004 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3072_6
u:r:mediacodec:s0              mediacodec    3072  7071     1   46476   7004 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3072_7
u:r:ext_data:s0                root          3073  3073     1    9056   2124 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ext_data
u:r:refnotify:s0               system        3074  3074     1   15304   2180 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg refnotify
u:r:refnotify:s0               system        3074  3364     1   15304   2180 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg refnotify
u:r:refnotify:s0               system        3074  3366     1   15304   2180 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg refnotify
u:r:slogmodem:s0               shell         3075  3075     1   13340   2180 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg slogmodem
u:r:slogmodem:s0               shell         3075  3101     1   13340   2180 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg slogmodem
u:r:slogmodem:s0               shell         3075  3102     1   13340   2180 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg slogmodem
u:r:slogmodem:s0               shell         3075  3103     1   13340   2180 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg slogmodem
u:r:slogmodem:s0               shell         3075  3104     1   13340   2180 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg slogmodem
u:r:thermald:s0                system        3076  3076     1   29024   3680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg thermald
u:r:thermald:s0                system        3076  3180     1   29024   3680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg thermald
u:r:thermald:s0                system        3076  3181     1   29024   3680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg thermald
u:r:thermald:s0                system        3076  3182     1   29024   3680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg thermald
u:r:thermald:s0                system        3076  3183     1   29024   3680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg thermald
u:r:thermald:s0                system        3076  3184     1   29024   3680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg thermald
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  3077     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg gnss@1.0-servic
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4262     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg LCSAGT_READER
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4263     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg LCSMGT_TASK
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4264     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg POSIX timer 0
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4287     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S   3  16      -   0  fg lte
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4291     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg libgps
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4295     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg libgps_daemon
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4296     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg lib_gnss_log
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4300     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg libgps_data
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4301     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg watchdog
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4302     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg lcs_client
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4303     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg gnss@1.0-servic
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4304     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg libgps_pm
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4305     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg libagps
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4309     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg SUPL_TASK
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4310     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg POSIX timer 1
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4311     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg CTRL_PLANE_TASK
u:r:hal_gnss_ext_default:s0    system        3077  4312     1 2181148   5464 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg POSIX timer 2
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          3079  3079     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kworker/0:1H
u:r:gatekeeperd:s0             system        3083  3083     1   20336   5212 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0     gatekeeperd
u:r:tombstoned:s0              tombstoned    3084  3084     1    9036   2764 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0     tombstoned
u:r:hal_fingerprint_default:s0 system        3085  3085     1   21840   3384 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg fingerprint@2.1
u:r:hal_fingerprint_default:s0 system        3085  3129     1   21840   3384 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg android.hardwar
u:r:tee:s0                     system        3086  3086     1    8912   1964 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdstorageprox
u:r:wcnd:s0                    system        3087  3087     1   19612   3488 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg connmgr
u:r:wcnd:s0                    system        3087  3216     1   19612   3488 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg connmgr
u:r:wcnd:s0                    system        3087  3217     1   19612   3488 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg connmgr
u:r:wcnd:s0                    system        3087  3218     1   19612   3488 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg connmgr
u:r:wcnd:s0                    system        3087  3219     1   19612   3488 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg connmgr
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          3098  3098     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/u8:7
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          3111  3111     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          3134  3134     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/3:2
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          3138  3138     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          3176  3176     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kworker/1:1H
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          3177  3177     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kworker/2:1H
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  3351     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  3354     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  3355     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  3356     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  3357     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  3358     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  3360     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  3361     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  3362     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  3363     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  4583     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  4586     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:rild:s0                    radio         3351  4928     1   31876   3652 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg sprdrild
u:r:cp_diskserver:s0           root          3352  3352     1   17200   2408 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg cp_diskserver
u:r:cp_diskserver:s0           root          3352  3353     1   17200   2408 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg cp_diskserver
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3369  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg system_server
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3374  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3375  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3376  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3377  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3378  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3379  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_1
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3380  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_2
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3382  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg android.bg
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3383  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg ActivityManager
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3384  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg android.ui
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3385  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg ActivityManager
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3386  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg batterystats-wo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3389  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg FileObserver
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3390  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg android.fg
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3391  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg android.io
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3392  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  22  -3      -   0  ta android.display
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3393  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg CpuTracker
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3394  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg PowerManagerSer
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3395  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg system_server
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3396  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg BatteryStats_wa
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3398  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg PackageManager
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3525  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg PackageInstalle
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3526  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  ta android.anim
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3530  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0  fg SensorEventAckR
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3531  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  50  -8     10   1  fg SensorService
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3532  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg SettingsProvide
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3535  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg AccountManagerS
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3536  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg SettingsProvide
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3537  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg AlarmManager
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3538  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3369_1
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3539  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3369_2
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3540  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0  fg InputDispatcher
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3541  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0  fg InputReader
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3542  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg performance
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3543  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg performance-cpu
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3544  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg splash-update
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3545  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg RamPolicyExecut
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3546  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SchedPolicyExec
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3547  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg StorageManagerS
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3548  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg VoldConnector
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  3549  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg CryptdConnector
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4118  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg NetdConnector
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4119  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg NetworkStats
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4120  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_3
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4121  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg NetworkPolicy
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4122  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg tworkPolicy.uid
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4123  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg WifiService
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4124  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg WifiStateMachin
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4125  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg WifiApClientSta
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4126  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg IpManager.wlan0
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4128  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg WifiNetworkMoni
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4129  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg WifiScanningSer
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4130  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg WifiRttService
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4131  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg WifiP2pService
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4132  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ConnectivitySer
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4133  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg roid.pacmanager
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4134  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg NsdService
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4135  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg mDnsConnector
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4136  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg notification-sq
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4137  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg ranker
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4138  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg onProviders.ECP
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4139  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg DeviceStorageMo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4140  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg AudioService
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4142  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg UEventObserver
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4144  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ConnectivityThr
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4145  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg GraphicsStats-d
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4146  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg FaceDispatch
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4147  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg FaceInformer
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4148  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg CameraService_p
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4149  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SyncHandler-0
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4150  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg EthernetService
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4151  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg TaskSnapshotPer
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4152  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg PhotonicModulat
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4153  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg RenderThread
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4154  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg Thread-2
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4155  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg LazyTaskWriterT
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4186  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg UsbService host
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4187  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Thread-3
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4202  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_4
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4203  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_5
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4235  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg NetworkStatsObs
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4242  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg watchdog
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4243  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg EmergencyAfford
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4254  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3369_3
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4276  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_6
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4292  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_7
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4314  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg NetworkTimeUpda
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4315  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg PowerController
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4316  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg WcnManagerServi
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4317  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ntroller.RecogA
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4325  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg Instrumentation
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4332  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ConnectivitySer
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4336  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Thread-4
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4365  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg BluetoothRouteM
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4366  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg uteStateMachine
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4368  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg CallAudioModeSt
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4400  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg queued-work-loo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4436  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_8
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4453  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_9
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4548  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg backup
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4720  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_A
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  4725  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  ta android.anim
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5044  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg pool-2-thread-1
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5121  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_B
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5122  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_C
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5277  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg NetworkMonitorN
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5470  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg AsyncQueryWorke
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5516  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_D
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5717  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-mem-purge
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5719  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5720  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5721  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5722  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5723  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5724  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5725  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5726  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5727  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5728  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5729  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5730  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg mali-hist-dump
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5733  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg hwuiTask1
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5734  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg hwuiTask2
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  5892  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg UsbDebuggingMan
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  6199  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_E
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  6596  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_F
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  6840  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_10
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  6914  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_11
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  6927  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_12
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  6929  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_13
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  6930  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_14
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  6963  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_15
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  7437  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_16
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  7564  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_17
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  7803  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  50 -10     10   1  fg hidl_ssvc_poll
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  7973  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:3369_4
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  8502  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_18
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  8686  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_19
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  9012  2977 4611156 229356 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_1A
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  9117  2977 4611156 229396 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_1B
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  9723  2977 4611156 229400 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg Binder:3369_1C
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  9762  2977 4611156 229400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_1D
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369  9947  2977 4611156 229400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_1E
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369 10551  2977 4611156 229400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:3369_1F
u:r:system_server:s0           system        3369 10559  2977 4611156 229400 0                   0 R  21  -2      -   0  fg Binder:3369_20
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          4019  4019     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kworker/u9:2
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4156  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg m.android.phone
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4161  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4162  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4163  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4164  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4165  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4166  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4167  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_1
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4168  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_2
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4175  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_3
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4184  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Profile Saver
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4464  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg queued-work-loo
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4515  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SearchHandlerTh
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4516  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg IccReadDelayThr
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4567  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HwBinder:4156_1
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4660  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg RunningState:Ba
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4665  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg RunningState:Ba
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4683  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg GsmCellBroadcas
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4686  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg GsmInboundSmsHa
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4694  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg CellBroadcastHa
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4696  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg CdmaInboundSmsH
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4721  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg CdmaServiceCate
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4736  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg DcHandlerThread
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4741  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg android.bg
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4749  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_4
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4795  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg RadioInteractor
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4835  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ImsServiceContr
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4843  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_5
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4845  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_6
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4873  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg [Adapter]VoWifi
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4875  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SRVCC
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4881  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg [Adapter]VoWifi
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4889  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SyncManager
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4915  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Cat Telephony s
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4916  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg RilMessageDecod
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4917  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Cat Icon Loader
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4946  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_7
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4975  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_8
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4981  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_9
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  4987  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ConnectivityThr
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  5051  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SubThreadHandle
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  5129  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_A
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  5177  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SyncHandler-0
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  5196  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_B
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  5203  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_C
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  5263  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_D
u:r:radio:s0                   radio         4156  5475  2977 4379848 115660 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4156_E
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4188  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ndroid.systemui
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4194  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4195  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4196  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4197  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4198  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4199  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4200  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4188_1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4201  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4188_2
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4225  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4188_3
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4268  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg CameraThread
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4272  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg pool-1-thread-1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4274  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SoundPool
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4275  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SoundPoolThread
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4278  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S   8  11      -   0  fg Recents-HighRes
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4279  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg Recents-TaskRes
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4283  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg recents.fg
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4284  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg HwBinder:4188_1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4288  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg VolumeDialogCon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4289  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg SysUiBg
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4299  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4188_4
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4318  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4188_5
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4364  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg queued-work-loo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4367  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg RenderThread
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4369  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ConnectivityThr
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4395  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg TimeTick
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4399  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg async_sensor
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4416  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg FlashlightContr
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4418  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg Keyboard
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4419  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg pool-2-thread-1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4421  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-mem-purge
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4422  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4423  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4424  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4425  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4426  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4427  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4428  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4429  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4430  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4431  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4432  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4433  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg mali-hist-dump
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4459  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  fg RenderThread
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4462  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Thread-3
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4572  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4188_6
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  4988  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4188_7
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  5324  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4188_8
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  5790  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4188_9
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  5956  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg hwuiTask1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  5957  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg hwuiTask2
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  6984  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4188_A
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  7434  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4188_B
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188  9746  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4188_C
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188 10005  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  fg AsyncTask #9
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188 10101  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg AsyncTask #10
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188 10340  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg AsyncTask #11
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        4188 10674  2977 4467948 164716 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg AsyncTask #12
u:r:webview_zygote:s0          webview_zygote 4223 4223     1 1336224  41184 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg main
u:r:webview_zygote:s0          webview_zygote 4223 4370     1 1336224  41184 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:webview_zygote:s0          webview_zygote 4223 4371     1 1336224  41184 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:webview_zygote:s0          webview_zygote 4223 4372     1 1336224  41184 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:webview_zygote:s0          webview_zygote 4223 4373     1 1336224  41184 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4340  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg ndroid.settings
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4345  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4347  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4348  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4349  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4350  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4351  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4352  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4340_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4353  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4340_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4354  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4340_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4355  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4360  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg HwBinder:4340_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4374  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4377  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4378  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4379  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4380  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4381  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4382  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4383  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4384  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4385  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4386  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4387  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4388  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4389  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4392  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  4409  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4340_4
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  5172  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg HandlerThreadAl
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  6849  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg ConnectivityThr
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  6859  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  6899  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  6902  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg onsState.Loader
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  6985  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4340_5
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340  8313  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340 10567  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg AsyncTask #9
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340 10568  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg AsyncTask #10
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340 10574  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg AsyncTask #11
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340 10575  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg AsyncTask #12
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340 10698  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4340_6
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4340 11384  2977 4666948 192816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          4376  4376     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          4420  4420     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4559  4559  2977 4303928  81728 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg om.sprd.applock
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4559  4565  2977 4303928  81728 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4559  4566  2977 4303928  81728 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4559  4568  2977 4303928  81728 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4559  4569  2977 4303928  81728 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4559  4570  2977 4303928  81728 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4559  4571  2977 4303928  81728 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4559  4576  2977 4303928  81728 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4559_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4559  4579  2977 4303928  81728 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4559_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4559  4619  2977 4303928  81728 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4559  4640  2977 4303928  81728 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4559_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4559  4659  2977 4303928  81728 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg queued-work-loo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4573  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg .spreadtrum.vce
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4580  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4581  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4582  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4584  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4585  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4588  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4593  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4573_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4601  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4573_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4615  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4573_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4620  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4732  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg tVtspCmdRx
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4733  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg tVtspCmdTx
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4734  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg tVtspCmdHd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4735  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg C2N-mgr-looper
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4738  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg .spreadtrum.vce
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4739  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg .spreadtrum.vce
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4740  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg .spreadtrum.vce
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4573  4745  2977 4324012  76792 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg queued-work-loo
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4603  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg d.modemnotifier
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4609  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4610  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4611  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4612  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4613  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4614  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4616  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4603_1
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4618  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4603_2
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4643  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Profile Saver
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4656  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg modemStatThread
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4657  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg slogThread
u:r:sprd_radio_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a75       4603  4658  2977 4303620  71340 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg wcnStatThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4649  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg e.fota_demo_iot
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4664  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4670  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4672  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg JDWP
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4674  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4675  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4676  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4677  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4685  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4649_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4695  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4649_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4731  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4796  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RxSchedulerPurg
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4798  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RxCachedWorkerP
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  4803  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RxComputationTh
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  5282  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4649_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  5354  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  5375  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg OkHttp Connecti
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4649  5401  2977 4313888  83848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Okio Watchdog
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a69        4689  4689  2977 4300364  72516 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg android.smspush
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a69        4689  4697  2977 4300364  72516 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a69        4689  4700  2977 4300364  72516 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a69        4689  4704  2977 4300364  72516 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a69        4689  4706  2977 4300364  72516 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a69        4689  4707  2977 4300364  72516 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a69        4689  4709  2977 4300364  72516 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a69        4689  4715  2977 4300364  72516 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4689_1
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a69        4689  4718  2977 4300364  72516 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4689_2
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a69        4689  4722  2977 4300364  72516 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Profile Saver
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4847  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg d.process.media
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4852  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4853  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4854  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4855  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4856  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4857  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4858  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4847_1
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4860  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4847_2
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4861  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4847_3
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4863  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4921  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg thumbs thread
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4922  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg sAsyncHandlerTh
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4950  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S   8  11      -   0  bg MediaScannerSer
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  4973  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  5521  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S   8  11      -   0  bg MediaScannerSer
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  5954  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg MtpServer
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  5959  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4847_4
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  7024  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4847_5
u:r:mediaprovider:s0:c512,c768 u0_a8         4847  7348  2977 4326364 105296 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg FileObserver
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4883  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg readtrum.vowifi
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4888  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4890  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4892  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4893  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4894  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4895  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4896  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4883_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4898  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:4883_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4900  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4936  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg readtrum.vowifi
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4938  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg readtrum.vowifi
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4939  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg readtrum.vowifi
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4941  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg readtrum.vowifi
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4942  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg readtrum.vowifi
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4944  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg readtrum.vowifi
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4956  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg readtrum.vowifi
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4957  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg readtrum.vowifi
u:r:system_app:s0              system        4883  4968  2977 4330000  80316 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg readtrum.vowifi
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  4923  2978 1858664 154208 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg putmethod.sogou
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  4929  2978 1858664 154176 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  4930  2978 1858664 154176 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  4931  2978 1858664 154148 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  4932  2978 1858664 154144 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  4933  2978 1858664 154088 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  4934  2978 1858664 153968 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  4935  2978 1858664 153968 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4923_1
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  4937  2978 1858664 153968 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4923_2
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  4940  2978 1858664 153968 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4923_3
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  4943  2978 1858664 153968 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  4970  2978 1858664 153968 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg matrix_time_upd
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5016  2978 1858664 153968 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5030  2978 1858664 153904 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Idle-10.19.1
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5042  2978 1858664 153800 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg dbCache
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5048  2978 1858664 153800 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg logan-thread
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5049  2978 1858664 153800 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg logger_sdk_hand
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5052  2978 1858664 153764 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg performance_sdk
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5053  2978 1858664 153756 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg Thread-4
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5070  2978 1858664 153744 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg MonitorThread
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5074  2978 1858664 153648 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg koom
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5096  2978 1858664 153620 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg pingback
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5126  2978 1858664 153620 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg HandlerThread
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5185  2978 1858664 153620 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4923_4
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5357  2978 1858664 153620 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg TypanyEventColl
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5585  2978 1858664 153620 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Vibrate
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5624  2978 1858664 153620 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg OkHttp Dispatch
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5629  2978 1858664 153620 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg upload_check_th
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5633  2978 1858664 153620 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg OkHttp Connecti
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5634  2978 1858664 153620 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Okio Watchdog
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5636  2978 1858664 153616 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg FrameSequence d
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5698  2978 1858664 153616 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4923_5
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  5718  2978 1858664 153616 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SogouInputConne
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6158  2978 1858664 153616 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6172  2978 1858664 153604 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6173  2978 1858664 153588 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6174  2978 1858664 153524 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6175  2978 1858664 153412 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6176  2978 1858664 153364 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6177  2978 1858664 153364 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6178  2978 1858664 153364 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6179  2978 1858664 153364 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6180  2978 1858664 153324 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6181  2978 1858664 153324 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6182  2978 1858664 153324 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6183  2978 1858664 153324 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6184  2978 1858664 153324 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6190  2978 1858664 153248 0                   0 S   6  13      -   0  bg Sogou-Backgroun
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6192  2978 1858664 153248 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6193  2978 1858664 153248 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask1
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6194  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask2
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6197  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S   6  13      -   0  bg WebsocketWriteT
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6198  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S   6  13      -   0  bg Timer-1
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6205  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg glide-disk-cach
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6206  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg FileObserver
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6210  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg glide-source-th
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6854  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg pool-commitsear
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6857  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg ConnectivityThr
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6883  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg pool-3-thread-1
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6891  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg OkHttp Connecti
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6893  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg TypanyEventColl
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  6942  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg request_handler
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  7160  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:4923_6
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  8401  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Push_Message_Da
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923  9993  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg sogou-foreign-t
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        4923 10058  2978 1858664 153232 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg pool-5-thread-1
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5135  2978 1698148  83084 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg od.sogou:daemon
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5142  2978 1698148  83032 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5144  2978 1698148  83028 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5151  2978 1698148  83028 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5152  2978 1698148  83004 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5153  2978 1698148  82936 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5154  2978 1698148  82936 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5155  2978 1698148  82936 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:5135_1
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5157  2978 1698148  82936 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:5135_2
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5159  2978 1698148  82936 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5165  2978 1698148  82936 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg matrix_time_upd
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5169  2978 1698148  82936 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Idle-10.19.1
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5180  2978 1698148  82936 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg Thread-3
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a88        5135  5194  2978 1698148  82936 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          5410  5410     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/3:3
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          5449  5449     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/1:2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        5597  5597  2977 4300096  72124 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg rd.udpDataStall
u:r:system_app:s0              system        5597  5603  2977 4300096  72124 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        5597  5604  2977 4300096  72124 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        5597  5605  2977 4300096  72124 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        5597  5606  2977 4300096  72124 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        5597  5607  2977 4300096  72124 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        5597  5609  2977 4300096  72124 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        5597  5610  2977 4300096  72124 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:5597_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        5597  5614  2977 4300096  72124 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:5597_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        5597  5617  2977 4300096  72124 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Profile Saver
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          5716  5716     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:adbd:s0                    shell         5878  5878     1   22296    848 0                   0 R  19   0      -   0  fg adbd
u:r:adbd:s0                    shell         5878  5880     1   22296    848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg usb ffs open
u:r:adbd:s0                    shell         5878  5891     1   22296    848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg check_thread
u:r:adbd:s0                    shell         5878  5903     1   22296    848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg check_data
u:r:adbd:s0                    shell         5878  5921     1   22296    848 0                   0 R  19   0      -   0  fg ->transport
u:r:adbd:s0                    shell         5878  5922     1   22296    848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg <-transport
u:r:adbd:s0                    shell         5878  8721     1   22296    848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg shell svc 8720
u:r:adbd:s0                    shell         5878 10083     1   22296    848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg shell svc 10082
u:r:adbd:s0                    shell         5878 10353     1   22296    848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg shell svc 10352
u:r:adbd:s0                    shell         5878 10514     1   22296    848 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg shell svc 10513
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          6171  6171     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7184  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg oid.documentsui
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7189  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7190  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7191  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7192  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7193  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7194  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7195  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:7184_1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7196  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:7184_2
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7198  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7232  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Timer-0
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7233  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg loads.documents
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7234  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Timer-1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7342  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7355  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7356  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7357  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7358  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7359  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7360  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7361  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7362  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7363  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7364  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7365  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7366  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7367  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7387  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7388  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7409  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask2
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7411  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:7184_3
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7430  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Timer-4
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  7433  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184  8638  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg AsyncTask #5
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184 10682  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:7184_4
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184 10691  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:7184_5
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a10        7184 11126  2977 4418060 126472 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg AsyncTask #10
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          7353  7353     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7600  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg om.zmapp.camera
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7605  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7606  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7607  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7608  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7609  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7610  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7611  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:7600_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7612  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:7600_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7620  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7646  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7650  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7651  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7652  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7653  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7654  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7655  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7656  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7657  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7658  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7659  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7660  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7661  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7662  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7664  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7665  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7674  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:7600_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7848  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  7979  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        7600  8279  2977 4396896 109624 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:7600_4
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          7649  7649     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8052  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg ndroid.calendar
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8059  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8060  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8061  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8062  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8063  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8064  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8065  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8052_1
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8066  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8052_2
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8073  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8075  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg AsyncQueryWorke
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8097  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8101  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8102  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8103  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8104  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8105  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8106  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8107  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8108  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8109  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8110  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8111  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8112  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8113  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8114  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8150  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8052_3
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8316  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg AlertReceiver a
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8321  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8052_4
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052  8330  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8052_5
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052 10395  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask1
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052 10547  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg AsyncTask #5
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a70     8052 10562  2977 4406400 136532 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8052_6
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          8100  8100     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8117  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg com.zmapp.album
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8122  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8123  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8124  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8125  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8126  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8127  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8128  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8117_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8129  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8117_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8130  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8132  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8133  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPoolThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8135  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8137  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8138  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8139  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8140  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8141  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8142  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8143  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8144  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8145  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8146  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8147  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8148  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8149  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8151  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg glide-disk-cach
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8152  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg glide-source-th
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8153  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8154  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg glide-source-th
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8156  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg glide-source-th
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8157  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg glide-source-th
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8177  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8178  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPoolThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8184  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8117_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8205  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8117  8328  2977 4378464 128484 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8117_4
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          8136  8136     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8191  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg d.process.acore
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8196  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8197  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8198  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8199  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8200  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8201  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8202  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8191_1
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8203  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8191_2
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8206  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8274  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8191_3
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8275  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg ContactAccountM
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8343  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S   0  19      -   0  bg FSA_0
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8344  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  8381  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Worker-1
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a2         8191  9739  2977 4317528 103400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Worker-2
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a4         8561  8561  2977 4302628  74972 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg id.defcontainer
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a4         8561  8566  2977 4302628  74972 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a4         8561  8567  2977 4302628  74972 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a4         8561  8568  2977 4302628  74972 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a4         8561  8569  2977 4302628  74972 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a4         8561  8570  2977 4302628  74972 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a4         8561  8571  2977 4302628  74972 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a4         8561  8572  2977 4302628  74972 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8561_1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a4         8561  8573  2977 4302628  74972 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8561_2
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a4         8561  8574  2977 4302628  74972 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8561_3
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a4         8561  8575  2977 4302628  74972 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a4         8561  9013  2977 4302628  74972 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8641  8641  2977 4301504  76600 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg ndroid.keychain
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8641  8646  2977 4301504  76600 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8641  8649  2977 4301504  76600 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8641  8650  2977 4301504  76600 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8641  8651  2977 4301504  76600 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8641  8652  2977 4301504  76600 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8641  8653  2977 4301504  76600 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8641  8654  2977 4301504  76600 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8641_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8641  8655  2977 4301504  76600 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8641_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8641  8657  2977 4301504  76600 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8641_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8641  8662  2977 4301504  76600 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8668  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 R  19   0      -   0  fg com.jx.launcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8673  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8674  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8675  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8676  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8677  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8678  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8679  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:8668_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8680  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:8668_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8681  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:8668_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8682  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8690  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ConnectivityThr
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8691  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SoundPool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8692  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SoundPoolThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8694  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg HwBinder:8668_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8698  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SoundPool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8699  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SoundPoolThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8700  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8702  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg queued-work-loo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8704  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-mem-purge
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8705  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8706  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8707  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8708  2977 4440592 180928 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8709  2977 4440592 180904 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8710  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8711  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8712  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8713  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8714  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8715  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8716  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-hist-dump
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8717  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8740  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:8668_4
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8969  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 t  19   0      -   0  fg Thread-4
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  8970  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Thread-5
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  9064  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:8668_5
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  9066  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SoundPool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  9067  2977 4440592 180896 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg SoundPoolThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  9122  2977 4440592 180892 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg OkHttp Connecti
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  9159  2977 4440592 180892 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg OkHttp Dispatch
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  9171  2977 4440592 180892 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg OkHttp Connecti
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668  9172  2977 4440592 180892 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Okio Watchdog
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8668 11365  2977 4440592 180892 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:8668_6
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          8703  8703     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:shell:s0                   shell         8720  8720  5878 4091040  86400 binder_thread_read 7bc4d83fb8 S 19 0 -   0  fg commands.monkey
u:r:shell:s0                   shell         8720  8781  5878 4091040  86400 futex_wait_queue_me 7bc4d377f0 S 10 9 -  0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:shell:s0                   shell         8720  8783  5878 4091040  86400 do_sigtimedwait 7bc4d840a8 S 19 0    -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:shell:s0                   shell         8720  8784  5878 4091040  86400 futex_wait_queue_me 7bc4d377f0 S 19 0 -  0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:shell:s0                   shell         8720  8785  5878 4091040  86400 futex_wait_queue_me 7bc4d377f0 S 19 0 -  0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:shell:s0                   shell         8720  8787  5878 4091040  86400 futex_wait_queue_me 7bc4d377f0 S 19 0 -  0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:shell:s0                   shell         8720  8790  5878 4091040  86400 futex_wait_queue_me 7bc4d377f0 S 19 0 -  0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:shell:s0                   shell         8720  8803  5878 4091040  86400 binder_thread_read 7bc4d83fb8 S 19 0 -   0  fg Binder:8720_1
u:r:shell:s0                   shell         8720  8804  5878 4091040  86400 binder_thread_read 7bc4d83fb8 S 19 0 -   0  fg Binder:8720_2
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8724  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg emui:screenshot
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8729  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8730  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8731  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8732  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8733  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8734  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8735  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8724_1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8736  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8724_2
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8737  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8724_3
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8738  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPool
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8739  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPoolThread
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8741  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg emui:screenshot
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8743  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg HwBinder:8724_1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8746  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8748  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8749  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8750  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8751  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8752  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8753  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8754  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8755  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8756  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8757  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8758  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8759  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8760  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  23  -4      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8775  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  35 -16      -   0  bg AudioTrack
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a20        8724  8820  2977 4383568 111228 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          8747  8747     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8762  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg com.zmapp.sms
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8767  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8768  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8769  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8770  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8771  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8772  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8773  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8762_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8774  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8762_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8776  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8778  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8779  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPoolThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8780  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8786  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8788  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8789  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8791  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8792  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8793  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8794  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8795  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8796  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8797  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8798  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8799  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8800  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8801  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8907  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8762_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system        8762  8917  2977 4356600 113720 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          8782  8782     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8961  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg utmethod.pinyin
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8967  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8971  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8972  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8973  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8974  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8975  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8976  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8961_1
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8977  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8961_2
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8978  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8982  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8986  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8987  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8988  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8989  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8990  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8991  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8992  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8993  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8994  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8995  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8996  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8997  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8998  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  8999  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:8961_3
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  9001  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a80        8961  9014  2978 1674768  98692 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          8968  8968     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/0:0
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          8980  8980     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/0:3
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          8985  8985     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9033  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg droid.deskclock
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9039  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9040  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9041  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9042  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9043  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9044  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9045  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9033_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9046  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9033_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9050  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9056  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9057  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPoolThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9074  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9076  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9077  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9078  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9079  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9080  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9081  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9082  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9083  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9084  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9085  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9086  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9087  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9088  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9097  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9098  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9099  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9102  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9033_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9110  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9033_4
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9112  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg WriteShutDownFi
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9127  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9128  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9033_5
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9208  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9033_6
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9289  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9033_7
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033  9748  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9033_8
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9033 10690  2977 4422356 134680 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9033_9
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          9075  9075     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          9126  9126     2       0      0 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg kworker/2:1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9144  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg rd.fileexplorer
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9149  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9150  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9151  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9152  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9153  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9154  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9155  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9144_1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9156  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9144_2
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9157  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9144_3
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9161  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9162  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg ent.InfoHandler
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9163  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg nt.EventHandler
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9173  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg FileExplorer: F
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9176  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9190  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9191  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9192  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9193  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9194  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9195  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9196  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9197  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9198  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9199  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9200  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9201  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9202  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9209  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9210  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9232  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9144_4
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a47        9144  9234  2977 4364524 121576 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          9189  9189     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9764  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg m.goodix.health
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9769  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9770  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9771  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9772  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9773  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9774  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9775  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9764_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9776  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9764_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9778  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9780  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9764_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9782  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg fifo-pool-threa
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9783  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg fifo-pool-threa
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9784  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9785  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg goodix health s
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9787  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9788  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9789  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9790  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9791  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9792  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9793  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9794  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9795  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9796  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9797  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9798  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9799  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9800  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9802  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg fifo-pool-threa
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9803  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg fifo-pool-threa
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9817  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg fifo-pool-threa
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9819  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg fifo-pool-threa
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9836  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg fifo-pool-threa
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9843  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg fifo-pool-threa
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9846  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg fifo-pool-threa
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9850  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg fifo-pool-threa
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9852  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S   9  10      -   0  bg fifo-pool-threa
u:r:system_app:s0              system        9764  9885  2977 4370948 124460 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          9786  9786     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9929  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg m.android.music
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9934  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9935  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9936  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9937  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9938  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9939  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9940  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9929_1
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9943  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9929_2
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9944  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9949  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9929_3
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9950  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg AsyncQueryWorke
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9951  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9953  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9955  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9956  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9957  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9958  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9959  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9960  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9961  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9962  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9963  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9964  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9965  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9966  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9967  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9968  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929  9977  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask1
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929 10121  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9929_4
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929 10364  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9929_5
u:r:untrusted_app_25:s0:c512,c768 u0_a54     9929 10556  2977 4369236 129104 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:9929_6
u:r:kernel:s0                  root          9954  9954     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10082 10082  5878 4091040  83712 binder_thread_read 77b8539fb8 S 19 0 -   0  fg commands.monkey
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10082 10130  5878 4091040  83712 futex_wait_queue_me 77b84ed7f0 S 10 9 -  0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10082 10131  5878 4091040  83712 do_sigtimedwait 77b853a0a8 S 19 0    -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10082 10132  5878 4091040  83712 futex_wait_queue_me 77b84ed7f0 S 19 0 -  0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10082 10133  5878 4091040  83712 futex_wait_queue_me 77b84ed7f0 S 19 0 -  0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10082 10134  5878 4091040  83712 futex_wait_queue_me 77b84ed7f0 S 19 0 -  0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10082 10135  5878 4091040  83712 futex_wait_queue_me 77b84ed7f0 S 19 0 -  0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10082 10136  5878 4091040  83712 binder_thread_read 77b8539fb8 S 19 0 -   0  fg Binder:10082_1
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10082 10137  5878 4091040  83712 binder_thread_read 77b8539fb8 S 19 0 -   0  fg Binder:10082_2
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10264  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg ackageinstaller
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10268  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10269  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10271  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10272  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10273  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10274  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10275  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:10264_1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10277  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:10264_2
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10281  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  fg Profile Saver
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10304  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 R  19   0      -   0  fg RenderThread
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10307  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-mem-purge
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10308  2977 4374896 124476 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10309  2977 4374220 124568 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10310  2977 4372868 124568 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10311  2977 4372868 124568 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10312  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10313  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10314  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10315  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10316  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10317  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-utility-wo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10318  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10319  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg mali-hist-dump
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10322  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg RenderThread
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10323  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg hwuiTask1
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10324  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg hwuiTask2
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10329  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  fg Binder:10264_3
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 10357  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  fg queued-work-loo
u:r:platform_app:s0:c512,c768  u0_a22       10264 11445  2977 4370840 124568 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  fg RenderThread
u:r:kernel:s0                  root         10306 10306     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10352 10352  5878 4091040  84336 binder_thread_read 711db35fb8 S 19 0 -   0  fg commands.monkey
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10352 10383  5878 4091040  84336 futex_wait_queue_me 711dae97f0 S 10 9 -  0  fg Jit thread pool
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10352 10384  5878 4091040  84336 do_sigtimedwait 711db360a8 S 19 0    -   0  fg Signal Catcher
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10352 10385  5878 4091040  84336 futex_wait_queue_me 711dae97f0 S 19 0 -  0  fg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10352 10386  5878 4091040  84336 futex_wait_queue_me 711dae97f0 S 19 0 -  0  fg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10352 10387  5878 4091040  84336 futex_wait_queue_me 711dae97f0 S 19 0 -  0  fg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10352 10388  5878 4091040  84336 futex_wait_queue_me 711dae97f0 S 19 0 -  0  fg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10352 10389  5878 4091040  84336 binder_thread_read 711db35fb8 S 19 0 -   0  fg Binder:10352_1
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10352 10390  5878 4091040  84336 binder_thread_read 711db35fb8 S 19 0 -   0  fg Binder:10352_2
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10366  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg viders.calendar
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10371  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10372  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10373  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10374  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10375  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10376  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10377  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10366_1
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10378  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10366_2
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10379  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10381  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10366_3
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10382  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10366_4
u:r:priv_app:s0:c512,c768      u0_a19       10366 10392  2977 4304548  82400 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10366_5
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10465  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg watchos.contact
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10470  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10471  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10472  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10473  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10474  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10475  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10476  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10465_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10480  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10465_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10482  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10485  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPool
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10486  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPoolThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10489  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10491  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg pool-2-thread-1
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10492  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg AsyncQueryWorke
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10494  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10495  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10496  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10497  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10498  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10499  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10500  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10501  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10502  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10503  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10504  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10505  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10506  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10507  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10508  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask1
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10512  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask2
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10517  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPool
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10518  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPoolThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10519  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg AsyncTask #1
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10520  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg AsyncTask #2
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10548  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10465_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10549  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10465_4
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10550  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10553  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10465_5
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10554  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10465_6
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10465 10555  2977 4392092 133628 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10465_7
u:r:kernel:s0                  root         10493 10493     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:shell:s0                   shell        10513 10513  5878    8652   2660 0          71ebf75020 R  19   0      -   0  fg bugreport
u:r:dumpstate:s0               shell        10516 10516     1   19868   6764 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg dumpstate
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10764  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg watchos.setting
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10769  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10771  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10772  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10773  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10774  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10775  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10776  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10764_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10778  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10764_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10785  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10804  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10808  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10809  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10810  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10811  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10812  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10813  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10814  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10815  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10816  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10817  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10818  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10819  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10820  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10821  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10825  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10764_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10839  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask1
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 10939  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:10764_4
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 11367  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPool
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 11368  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPoolThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 11369  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system       10764 11372  2977 4377204 142816 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:kernel:s0                  root         10807 10807     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11082  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg com.divo.phone
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11087  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11088  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11089  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11090  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11091  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11092  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11093  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:11082_1
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11094  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:11082_2
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11099  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11104  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11105  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg AsyncTask #1
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11106  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg AsyncTask #2
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11109  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11110  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11111  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11112  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11113  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11114  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11115  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11116  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11117  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11118  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11119  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11120  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11121  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11122  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  29 -10      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11123  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg hwuiTask1
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11124  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:11082_3
u:r:system_app:s0              system       11082 11125  2977 4353944 102960 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg AsyncTask #3
u:r:kernel:s0                  root         11108 11108     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11385  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg tapp.themestore
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11390  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Jit thread pool
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11391  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Signal Catcher
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11392  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg ReferenceQueueD
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11393  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11394  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg FinalizerWatchd
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11395  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  15   4      -   0  bg HeapTaskDaemon
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11396  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:11385_1
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11397  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:11385_2
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11398  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  10   9      -   0  bg Profile Saver
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11402  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg work_thread
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11403  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg NetWorkSender
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11404  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg FileObserver
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11406  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Thread-3
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11411  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg ConnectivityThr
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11413  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg sensor_thread
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11417  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPool
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11418  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SoundPoolThread
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11421  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:11385_3
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11422  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg SL-NetWorkSende
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11423  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  27  -8      -   0  bg process reaper
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11424  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11428  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-mem-purge
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11429  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11430  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11431  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11432  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11433  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11434  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11435  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11436  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11437  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11438  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-utility-wo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11439  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-cmar-backe
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11440  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg mali-hist-dump
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11442  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg RenderThread
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11443  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg OkHttp Connecti
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11450  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Okio Watchdog
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11452  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  21  -2      -   0  bg queued-work-loo
u:r:untrusted_app:s0:c512,c768 u0_a82       11385 11453  2978 1692688 110528 0                   0 S  19   0      -   0  bg Binder:11385_4
u:r:dumpstate:s0               shell        11419 11419 10516   10512   4476 0          7a083b79f0 R  39 -20      -   0  fg ps
u:r:kernel:s0                  root         11427 11427     2       0      0 0                   0 S  39 -20      -   0  fg kbase_event
